# Session II

## Layout Contraints

can be dynamic and redraw. Redraw is part of the lifecycle

## Debug View Hierarchy

debug view layers by clicking 'debug view hierarchy' (sixth from left in the
debugger). When it's in use, it uses a snapshot and of the simulator and you can
rotate it on the z-axis to debug view layers.


## Outlets vs Actions

Outlets have become much more important through touch interface. Actions are
good for buttons, outlets are way more widely used


## Multiple Scenes

* storyboards are collections of scenes.
* Going between scenes is called a 'Segue'

### Segues

* represented graphically in storyboard
* can do custom segues
* UINavigationController handles push/pop
  * stacked view controllers create the concept of 'back' buttons

* must have a unique identifier for its storyboard


There can only be on entry point for a story board


### Navigation Controller

Every view controller is aware of its `navigationController` if it has one.

* generally is the entry point


## CoreData Modeler

* kind of an onboard SQL DB with ORM


## `info.plist`

* property list format
* standardized meta data for the app. Could tie the build to the git sha


## XCTest

* has a set up and tear down
* has number of assertion Methods for unit tests
  * `test*` name of funcs that will get run in suite
  * `rootObject` is a thing

* is threaded

["Bots"](https://developer.apple.com/library/ios/documentation/IDEs/Conceptual/xcode_guide-continuous_integration/ConfigureBots/ConfigureBots.html)
is the Apple CI server option for integration specs


## Debugging

* "llvm" low-level virtual machine -- because JVM was too big for phone
* "lldb" low-level debugger
  * `p` print the value of expression
  * `po` print description of object


## Instruments

use to look for memory leaks and performance issues

### Memory Management

* done through reference counting.
* stack retains count of references
  * when 0, memory gets freed

* must watch out for cyclic references


## Consuming 3rd Party Packages

### Frameworks

* how Apple delivers their code, e.g. HealthKit, coreAudio
* hard to debug


### Cocoapods

* podfile ~= Gemfile
* Pods should be checked in
* pods should have its own test suite


## Distribution

### Ad Hoc

* beta testing; limits the number of users who can download

### Enterprise

* for large deployments of customs apps to employees of a single enterprise.
* Employers set up access and manage essentially own app store

`MDM`= Mobile Device Management


### App Store

* for wide distribution
* subject to TOS
